Katoto aida pati sapu hapashari
Ayatvili
How can you sing as many gays?
Can you see the clouds in the sky?
The sun is shining there
The parade is on the rise of the dream
It's not just a beautiful dream
It's just a beautiful dream
A beautiful house is standing
And the river flows through the clouds
The water is running out
And the parade begins
The parade is going on
These beautiful new waves
We'll go to this time
Tell friends about it
And we'll go to heaven
The sun is shining there
And a fresh spring is so beautiful
A dream is so beautiful
And we'll go to this time
Now something is missing
It's so beautiful to see me
I've been dreaming so often, like you and I fall in love
Almost already in the middle of the night
It's been a long time since I've seen you
My world of God is talking about
It's full of happiness, just like he says
And my heart is already much lighter
Yeah, the time is getting faster
This day I can't see you
Here we are at the end of the night